The idea behind the Protein Tracker application is that it allows a user to set a goal for the amount of protein to consume in a day.  The user can add protein amounts which are added to a total protein count that is tracked for that user.

Programming is easy if you understand the problem domain.

Objects group together a set of variables and functions to create a model 
of a something you would recognize from the real world. In an object, 
variables and functions take on new names. 

Properties tell us about the object, such as 
the name of a hotel or the number of rooms it has. 
Each individual hotel might have a different name 
and a different number of rooms.

In JavaScript: 
• Variables have a name and you can assign them a 
value of a string, number, or Boolean. 
• Arrays have a name and a group of values. (Each 
item in an array is a name/value pair because it 
has an index number and a value.) 
• Named functions have a name and value that is a 
set of statements to run if the function is called. 
• Objects consist of a set of name/value pairs 
(but the names are referred to as keys). 

If you change the value of the operator variable 
to anything other than addition, the conditional 
statement will select the second set of statements. 
These also contain awhile loop, but this time it will 
perform multiplication (rather than addition).


Comparison operators (===, ! ==, ==, ! =, <, >, <=, =>) 
are used to compare two operands.


When the browser loads a web page, it 
creates a model of the page in memory. 


The DOM is called an object model 
because the model (the DOM tree) is 
made of objects. 
Each object represents a different part of 
the page loaded in the browser window.

HTML elements describe the structure of an HTML 
page. (The <h l > - <h6> elements describe what 
parts are headings; the <p> tags indicate where 
paragraphs of text start and finish; and so on.) 


Each node is an object with methods and properties. 
Scripts access and update this DOM tree (not the source HTML file). 
Any changes made to the DOM tree are reflected in the browser.


Accessing and updating the DOM tree involves two steps: 
1: Locate the node that represents the element you want to work with. 
2: Use its text content, child elements, and attributes. 


querySe 1 ector () 
Uses a CSS selector, and returns 
the first matching element. 

DOM queries may return one element, or they may return a Nodelist, 
which is a collection of nodes.


A Nodelist is a collection of element nodes. Each 
node is given an index number (a number that starts 
at zero, just like an array). 


This Nodelist contains only 
three of the <l i >elements 
because we are searching for 
elements by the value of their 
cl ass attribute, not tag name. 


In order to use node Va 1 ue, you 
must be on a text node, not the 
element that contains the text. 


The document object's write () method is a simple 
way to add content that was not in the original 
source code to the page, but its use is rarely advised. 



Any content generated by users that contain characters that are used 
in code should be escaped on the server. You must control any markup 
added to the page. 



The cl assName property allows 
you to change the value of the 
cl ass attribute. If the attribute 
does not exist, it will be created 
and given the specified value. 


The append Child () method adds new nodes as a 
child of the parent element. It has one parameter: 
the new content to be added to the DOM tree. If the 
parent element already has child elements, it will be 
added after the tast of these (and will therefore be 
the last child of the parent element). 